This file provides information about my Android app called Widget. It explains the functionality, installation process, and possible use cases.

First of all, I want to thank you for downloading Widget! I hope it's working well for you. If not, you can always send feedback using the in-app feedback button.

1. I created this app to help you remember things or simply decorate your home screen. You can type text inside the app, and when you place a widget, it will display the text you've entered. There are multiple widgets to choose from, so there will always be one that fits your style.


2. Widget is completely free and available at:		
https://ryanvanderhaak.github.io/Android		
Please note that this website is the only official source, other websites may be suspicious. Download the folder from this website and extract it. Inside, you will find the .apk file and this information file, which you are currently reading. Follow these steps to install the app:

	1. Make sure the .apk file is in an accessible directory.
	2. Open your file manager, locate the .apk file, and tap it to start the installation. Grant permission to install the app when you are asked to. You may need to temporarily disable Play Protect or other security features because you are installing an app outside the Google Play Store. You can enable them again when the installation is done.
	3. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation.
	4. Done! You've successfully installed Widget. When updates are available, you can download the latest file from the website and follow the same steps. Your phone will give you the option to update the app.


3. Once installed, open Widget and enter your text. Hold the app icon on your home screen and click 'Widgets'. You'll see various widgets with different styles. Drag a widget to your homescreen and the text you have typed will appear on this widget. You can use this for quick notes, reminders or anything else you'd like.


4. This app is a simple project to learn the fundamentals of app development. I'm still learning and the app will improve with new updates. I will try to update it regularly to improve functionality and user experience. You can always send feedback through my GitHub-profile or by using the in-app feedback button.



Originally written: 15-4-2025
Last updated: 27-3-2026
Links: https://github.com/RyanvanderHaak/Android			https://ryanvanderhaak.github.io/Android	
©️ 2026, Ryan van der Haak